Are you still playing with the fragrance of the two sisters' flowers?
What nonsense is Wang Xiaoyan talking about?
He's the real dad
He's your dad
Right.
I remember now.
It's the punk who runs the food stall, right?
Hahaha, sorry uncle.
What you're wearing today
I thought you were their top gifter
You better keep your mouth clean
Don't think you are a girl
I dare not teach you a lesson
Why do you still want to hit me?
If you have the ability, you can fight
This is my boyfriend's place
Hit it here
Be careful my boyfriend kicks you all out
You let him rush
We are customers here.
You rush one to try the customer.
Ah, I remember now.
Although your mother has some money
But he's very strict with you
Your dad is a food stall owner again
How could you possibly have the money to spend in a place like this?
I want you to take care of it.
Let's go dad let's go
What's up?
Just because you deserve to come to this car dealership to buy a car